Cryptocurrency Recommendation System
==============================

Authors:
Raj Sandhu
Akaash Kapoor
Ali Alvi
Hassan Jallad
Areeb Ul Haq
Ahmad Abuoudeh

This project aims to develop a cryptocurrency recommendation system through analyzing the historical market volatility and descriptiptions of coins through the Word Mover's Distance and Euclidean distance metrics to measure similarity. The data cleaning and transformation phase has been completed and the full implementation of the recommendation system will be the next phase to begin.

To run the project successfully, please ensure the Anaconda distrubution of python has been installed (version 3.x should suffice). From here, clone this repo into your working directory. If you wish to perform a clean run, delete all of the data within the raw, interim, processed, and logs folders (data/raw, data/interim, data/processed, references/logs). Next, load this project into JupyterLab. Then run the cryptocurrency_data_ingestion.ipynb notebook. Then run the cryptocurrency_data_transformation.ipynb notebook. Then run the cryptocurrency_data_analysis.ipynb notebook.

This code has been written to be platform independent, using python libraries to dynamically generate paths.

Required libraries are installed at the notbook level through the pip command.

Project Organization
------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── data
    │   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    │
    ├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    ├── references         <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
    │   └── logs
    |       └── data-ingestion-log.log <- Log file generated by data ingestion notebook that shows the data downloaded, and time of ingestion.
    ├── reports            <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
    │   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   │
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   └── cryptocurrency_data_ingestion.ipynb  <- Script that ingests raw data from from CoinCodex.
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
    │   │   └── cryptocurrency_data_transformation.ipynb <- Script two transform raw data to a processed dataset for modelling.
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
    │   │   │                 predictions
    │   │   ├── cryptocurrency_data_analysis.ipynb <- Script which performs preliminary testing of Word Mover's Distance and Euclidean Distance on processed dataset.
    │   │   
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
    │       └── visualize.py
    │


--------

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>
